Add Swagger UI for API Endpoints (#79)
tlsnotary/docs-mdbook: src/developers/notary_server.md

```

## API Endpoints

> Please refer to the list of all API endpoints [here](./swagger.html).

Reviewer: need to change this path too right?

Author: Right, missed that. My bad. Fixed and pushed 😅

Reviewer: no probs haha

> Please refer to the list of all API endpoints [here](./notary_server_api.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the list of all HTTP APIs [here](./notary_server_api.html), and WebSocket APIs [here](https://github.com/tlsnotary/tlsn/tree/main/notary-server#websocket-apis).
```

Reviewer: Sorry this is not your problem, but haha riding on your PR to make a correction to my past mistake :shh

Author: Haha no problem, all good all good 🤫
